The last step is to configure the datasource to do that, go to the application dot properties
under source main resources.
Spring dot data source dot u r l is equal to this where we pass in the JDBC u r l JDBC Colen MYSQL
Colon to forward Slashes localhost colon three three zero six.
The default port number of MYSQL slash mydb so that u r l again JDBC Colon MYSQL Colon two forward
Slashes localhost colon three three zero six slash my db then spring dot data source Dot user
name is the next guy is equal to Root is the user name spring dot data source dot password is the last
field password is equal to test.
One, two three four is my password.
Whatever your MYSQL root password is, go ahead and enter this year.
So these are the three properties that are required to connect to the database and how a data source ready
to execute the sequel queries.